miRNA	Source	Info	Dir	Contrast
hsa-miR-10b-5p	Literature	BC immune related	Up	BC immune related
hsa-miR-19a-3p	Literature	BC immune related	Up	BC immune related
hsa-miR-21	Literature	BC immune related	Up	BC immune related
hsa-miR-155-5p	Literature	BC immune related	Up	BC immune related
hsa-miR-196b-5p	Literature	BC immune related	Up	BC immune related
hsa-miR-223-3p	Literature	BC immune related	Up	BC immune related
hsa-miR-494-3p	Literature	BC immune related	Up	BC immune related
hsa-miR-15-3p	Literature	BC immune related	Down	BC immune related
hsa-miR-23a-5p	Literature	BC immune related	Down	BC immune related
hsa-miR-27a-5p	Literature	BC immune related	Down	BC immune related
hsa-miR-24-2-5p	Literature	BC immune related	Down	BC immune related
hsa-miR-29a-5p	Literature	BC immune related	Down	BC immune related
hsa-miR-29b-1-5p	Literature	BC immune related	Down	BC immune related
hsa-miR-31-3p	Literature	BC immune related	Down	BC immune related
hsa-miR-126-3p	Literature	BC immune related	Down	BC immune related
hsa-miR-142-3p	Literature	BC immune related	Down	BC immune related
hsa-miR-146a-5p	Literature	BC immune related	Down	BC immune related
hsa-miR-214-3p	Literature	BC immune related	Down	BC immune related
hsa-miR-17-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Down	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-20a-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Down	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-34a-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Down	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-124-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Down	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-199a-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Down	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-23a-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Up	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-24-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Up	Cancer immune related
hsa-let-7c-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Up	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-20a-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Up	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-96-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Up	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-106b-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Up	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-125b-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Up	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-127-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Up	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-203a-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Up	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-212-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Up	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-424-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Up	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-511-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Up	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-690	Literature	Cancer immune related	Up	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-181a-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-106a-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-150-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-326	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-30b-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-130a-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-130b-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-301a-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-301a-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-9-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-346	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-451	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-148a-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-152-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-133a-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-133b	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-548a-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-548a-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-628-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-93-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-376a-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-376a-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-433-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-140-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-302c-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-409-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-520c-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-21-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-186-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-323b-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-1207-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-1279	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-2117	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-3692-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-513a-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-570-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-200a-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-200b-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-200c-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-138-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-187	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-221-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-375	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-135a-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-216a-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-101-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-145-3p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related
hsa-miR-362-5p	Literature	Cancer immune related	Associated	Cancer immune related